All right here's Question 11.
We have five electric circuits are connected to the same battery with negligible resistance which current
has the least current through the battery.
All right so the one that's going to have the least amount of current.
Again if the batteries are all the same it means that the voltage across each resistance or equivalent
resistance has to be the same.
So now if we think about this equation for a minute in which one is going to have the current that's
going to be small as if the voltage is the same it's whichever one has the biggest equivalent resistance.
So what's the equivalent resistance for each case.
Well for both of those you multiply the million divided by the sum you're going to get for here if you
multiply them divided by the sum you're going to get three.
36 divided by 12.
Here you simply add them up.
You're going to get six here you automatically get nine.
And here you're going to get four is the equivalent resistance for the two tuum resistors in series.
So what do we have the least amount of current is going to be the one with the highest equivalent resistance.
That's 9 ohms so is the correct answer for question 11.
All right for a question 12 are asked five different electric circuits are connected to the same battery
with negligible resistance.
Which circuit produces the greatest power dissipated.
Well now if we think about our power equations we kind of had three we had Vi you can write this as
our eyes squared.
And the third form was v squared over are you know why I like about the third form for this problem
is because we know the batteries the same right.
It's the same battery for each case.
That means that the voltage across these networks are going to be the same.
So if we want to know now the greatest power the going to be the one with the smallest resistance because
you're going to be dividing by that small number.
So which one has the smallest resistance.
We just did these three these five different cases and we found at this one here had three homes was
the equivalent resistance and that's the smallest out of all of these.
Same problem that we just solved.
OK so it definitely has to be choice B is the correct answer.
It has the smallest resistance the voltage across all the networks are the same.